##Group meeting two -- Jan 24th 2019

The purpose of this meeting was to simply bring all the team memebers on the same page and finalize what needs to be done for the first
deliverable. 

- started off with looking at the D1 spec and discussed the requirements
- skimed through the criteria of D1 to clarify what are the dos and don's
- discussed the differences between functional and nonfunctional requirements
- started jotting down a few functional requirements
- decided that Nick and Cameron will focus more on the UI to begin with 
- decided that Azim and Nicolas will focus more on the implementation of D1 features
- discussed the general availability and finalized that a mandatory in person group meeting will be held every Wednesday evening
